of glasses.
Q. Why art thou so dumpish, and heavy, Lead? why shouldst thou greive?
L. Well I hope to answer you to your face, Brass, ere you goe. And
Quicksilver methinks you should not be so brisk: I have known you
a base runagate, and after that you lay in the spittle. But this is that
which makes me soe heavy, that I almost melt for pity to see how you
stray from the matter.
S When you speak of straying you mean Gold, doe you not? I
have known many a golden as in the pound.
G. Not too many golden asses. Besides I think Silver goes more to
the pound than Gold.
L I speak of you all indeed how you wander from the cause wee
mett about: which you all know is this. That same gold that
trim Rascal –
Q. Gold may be trim. I have seen him wash’d, and clipt neatly i’faith.
L He hath long time born the sway amongst us; and hath kept com-
pany with Gallants only. (Though now I think a few gallants fin-
ger him) When wee know that Silver is as good a Noble, as He, and bears
the bell away too.
I. Except the clapper, I pray.
L And therefore wee hope, if not to crack his credit, yet to crack his
crown ere wee goe hence.
G. Soft Lead, crack my crown? Indeed, if you be so bent, wee shall
soon try what’s in you. Whereas you take it so heavily that I
should be of more weight, and estimation then you, I think I haue well
deserved it. I’m sure I am worth more then you all. And if time serv’d
I could buy you all out of Town, and Countrey
B Alas! alas! could buy us all out of Town, and Countrey? Marry
that word Time was well put in. For if you take not the great-
re time, I fear wee shall be paid with light angels. And sure, Gold, you
who are so bad a fighter, can make no good champion.
Q. Wheuh! Gold is a meer coward. Every old man can box him,
and hamper him as he list. And Silver to, she’s such another
white-liver’d slave. Every Taylor’s, Cobbler’s, Barber’s, Butler’s boy
can box her. A good man may beat’em both into a purs-nett.
I. Nay, if you talk of strength, I think myself a man of greater
force then you. For most things in war are done by iron Ordinance.