G If you’ll stand to his judgment whom I appoint, What if wee
choose Scales? They are men very much used in matters of weight.
Q. Very trim, very trim. If you be the man down goes Lead
B. Nay, gold, if you choose Scales, be sure to have Brass against you
they have laid weight against me this long time. therefore ra
ther then they should come, I’ll see them hang’d one against another,
and Gold in the midst of them.
G Fye, Brasse, fye, chafe not prithee. If they offer any wrong, justice
shall have ’em in hand. Besides I speak of Scales but by the way.
Q. See, Brass, Gold did but jest, and you take Gold in earnest
G. But if you would in earnest have my opinion: Touchstone shall
haue the matter in hand
Om: Wee are all content. Lett the matter be referred to him.
L But where shall wee find him think you?
S A hundred to one he is in the Goldsmiths shop. For the Goldsmith
is never well if He, and Touchstone be asunder
Q. Marry and I like him the worse for that. For there is not a
Goldsmith but hath his vice. Which if it come here, Iron will give
you all the foil.
G. But think you our Iudge will come alone without he be sent for?
Some of us must needs goe for him. S. Goe thou, Gold. G. I will.
I. So hoe there. I fear Gold will corrupt our Iudge, and grease him
in the fist. He is very slippery. I’ll not trust Gold on any hand, es-
pecially when he’s so ready. L. What if Silver went?
B Indeed Silver might perswaid him I think to come. For shee’s
an excellent Oratour. Some say shee was once too hard for Demos-
thenes. But here’s the mischief if Silver goe, she’ll give us all the slipp. I 
have known her often sent abroad, sometimes for Wine, Beer, Tobacco
&c. and shee never came again. Silver is so taken up forsooth, she
never comes half so fast in, as shee goes out. Shee is excellent at going.
They that goe without her, may as well goe on their heads.
S. If you be soe curious, goe yourselfe, Brass.
Q. Very trim, very trim. You cannot goe Silver. Goe you then, Lead.
L. I goe.
Nay but quickly, Lead, quickly: run spouting, or I’ll send you